Tech Titan Quiz-Pop:-

- src/index.html : This is the opening page which the user can navigate to choose topics for quiz.
- src/coding.html : This HTML page displays the 10 questiond for the coding quiz topic.

- src/js/coding.js: This is the JavaScript file which has the coding quiz questions and working logic.
- src/css/coding.css: This is the external stylesheet used for the coding quiz page styling. We have tried to import different font , sizing , colours and image modifcations to look attractive.

- src/modern-art.html : This HTML page displays the 10 questions for the arts quiz topic.

- src/js/modern-art.js: This is the JavaScript file which has the arts quiz questions and working logic.
- src/css/modern-art.css: This is the external stylesheet used for the arts quiz page styling. We have tried to import different font , sizing , colours and image modifcations to look attractive.

- src/music.html : This HTML page displays the 10 questions for the music quiz topic.

- src/js/music.js: This is the JavaScript file which has the music quiz questions and working logic.
- src/css/music.css: This is the external stylesheet used for the music quiz page styling. We have tried to import different font , sizing , colours and image modifcations to look attractive.

- src/api: This folder contains scripts that provide a simulated backend that you can use in development, if needed. This is powered by Mock Service Worker (https://mswjs.io). If you're building data/remote API based apps, you can use this utility to simulate an API without actually building one during development.

  - src/api/browser.js: Please do not edit this file. It enables the use of Mock Service Worker.
  - src/api/routes.js: This file may be edited to incorporate custom API routes for Mock Server Worker. By default, a root route (/) that returns a text message as a JSON object is present. You can learn more about MSW and how to define your own custom API routes for development by visiting https://mswjs.io/docs/

- src/public: This folder contains the MSW utility file (mockServiceWorker.js) which should not be edited/removed. Any files you place in this folder can be directly accessed in your HTML document. Use this for placing static assets such as images.
